[youtube] Suggest `mweb` instead of `web` (#53)
yt-dlp/yt-dlp-wiki: Extractors.md

> 
> By default, yt-dlp will attempt to download videos using clients that do not currently require a PO Token. However, some formats and features may not be available without the token(s).
> 

> > At this time, it is **recommended** to use provide a PO Token to use with the `mweb` client. Refer to the [PO Token Guide](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/wiki/PO-Token-Guide) on how to set up yt-dlp for this.

Author: I don't think this should be "recommended" but maybe suggested if user is having issues with default clients without a po token

> > At this time, it is **recommended** to use provide a PO Token to use with the `mweb` client. Refer to the [PO Token Guide](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/wiki/PO-Token-Guide) on how to set up yt-dlp for this.

Author: ```suggestion
> At this time, if you are having issues with the default clients, it is suggested to use the `mweb` client with a PO Token. Refer to the [PO Token Guide](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/wiki/PO-Token-Guide) on how to set up yt-dlp for this.
```
